Next up let's talk about how we add in new properties or update existing properties.
So it's really similar to viewing a property or accessing the data.
We have the dot notation or the square brackets.
The only difference is we use an equal sign to assign a value either to update that value or to give
it an initial value.
So for example let's say I started out with an empty object called user reviews.
We're building some sort of web app where users can leave for views on something and at the beginning
when we first push our code up when we first launch the app there are no reviews so it's empty.
And then we want to associate a user name like Queen Bee for nine with a score of four out of five or
let's just do four or four point five or something.
And those will be coming in one at a time.
So we don't have all of the reviews at the start when we make user reviews so it will begin as empty
and we can add any of them in any property using the exact same syntax either dot notation or square
brackets.
We'll go with Queen Bee forty nine in square brackets and then we'll set it equal to 4.0.
And if we look at user reviews it contains Queen Bee forty nine as a key and for as a value we could
also use dot notation.
User reviews Dot.
Mr. SMITH Seventy eight equals three point five.
And again we take a look at user reviews and they are both in there.
So to add a property we don't have to do anything fancy.
We just access a property.
It doesn't exist.
It's set to undefined.
Right.
If I do user reviews of cold it doesn't find anything we get undefined so then we simply say OK we'll
take that cold key and give it the value of five I'm writing whatever we're rating I'm giving it five
out of five though for some reason I use the string there instead of a number which we can update so
to update something we do exactly the same thing.
User reviews and then dot or square brackets this time I'll do square brackets just to mix it up and
now I'll change it to the number five.
And if we look at user reviews we have all numbers.
Now we also have access to operations we've seen before like plus equals or the increment urinary operator.
So if I want to add two to Queen B I could do user reviews.
Square bracket Queen Bee forty nine and then plus equals two.
Well refresh we look at user reviews and we've now updated it to six.
So we can do plus equals.
If we can do plus plus if you wanted to user reviews dot Mr. Smith plus plus let's look at user reviews
and now it's 4.5 instead of three point five.
So there's really just two sin taxes that we use over and over the square brackets dot notation whether
we're accessing a property that's already there or we are accessing it and updating it like we're doing
right here or we are setting it for the very first time like we do here and that's it.
That's all I want to talk about.
So you can have an empty object you don't have to have all of the properties defined when you create
it.
You can add them in after the fact.
Using this syntax.